PARAM NAME: enable_vaccination
DEFAULT VALUE: 0
TYPE: int

DEFINITION: Enable vaccination.  If set to 0, no vaccination will be
attempted.

FRED provides a fairly robust capability for simulating the use of
vaccines during a pandemic. Multiple vaccines can be simulated
simultaneously, with differing administration schedules and target
groups, and with different efficacies. Each vaccine can also have
multiple doses and be restricted by age. It is also possible to model
varied vaccines schedules by day. Prioritization by age groups, or by
ACIP recommendation is available with the capability to vaccinate only
the priority group. Currently, vaccines can only be applied to one
disease.

Vaccines in FRED are currently modeled as so-called "all or nothing"
vaccines. Each vaccine is given an age-specific efficacy and efficacy
delay. When an agent takes a vaccine, there is a random draw to
determine whether the vaccine will be efficacious for that agent. If it
is not, then the vaccine has no effect until another vaccine or dose is
administered. If the vaccine dose is efficacious, then the agent will
become immune to the disease after the specified efficacy delay. As in
real life, the agent has no knowledge as to whether their dose of
vaccine was efficacious, and so if they are exposed after a failed
vaccine or during the delay period, they may get sick from the disease.

Vaccination programs currently implemented can be thought of as mass
vaccination strategies. At the beginning of the simulation, a set of
queues is set up based on prioritization of the agents. These queues
are then randomized and as vaccines are put into the system, agents can
choose whether or not to accept a vaccine. To determine this decision,
the simulation can use a straight coverage probability, or a more
complex behavioral model. Heads of households can make decisions for
younger members.

