PARAM NAME: enable_travel
DEFAULT VALUE: 0
TYPE: int

DEFINITION: If set, enable overnight travel.

When an agent is on overnight travel, the traveling agent (called the
"visitor") resides in the household associated with another agent
(called the "visited agent"). The visitor interacts with agents in the
visited agent's household and neighborhood. If the visitor is employed,
then the visitor also interacts with the visited agent's office and
workplace. Visitors do not attend school while traveling.

Trip duration is controlled by the travel_duration parameter, a CDF
variable whose values were drawn from the U.S Department of
Transportation National Household Survey.  See the travel_duration
parameter description.

Frequency of travel of individual agents is based upon their ages. This
frequency is derived from the National Household Survey and is
controlled by the travel_age_prob_upper_ages and travel_age_prob_values
parameters. These parameters are used to create a mapping of age to
frequency of travel.

If travel is enabled, two additional input files are required, a
travel_hub_file and a trips_per_day_file.  The travel_hub_file contains
a list of travel nodes (e.g. airports) along with their latitude and
longitude and the population of the surrounding metropolitan area.  The
trips_per_file conating a matrix showing the expected number of trips
between hub i and hub j per day.

Each agent is assigned the travel hub in its county, if one exists.  The
number of travelers for each day is selected base don the
trips_per_day_file. Specific agents are selected to travel based on
their assigned travel hubs and their individual travel frequency.

The minimum overnight travel distance is controlled by the parameter
min_travel_distance.




